on the sixth day of the pro and savona league looking for the third victory
consecutive in the league to wanting voices to lugo against the castiga liguri tritium
but the Lombard formation in fact promoted only two lengths from i
biancoblu ajò kept full booty in liguria on the third day against
lentella matricium well put into play close space and savonesi e per
first thing near glaring prostide advantage we succeeded prix what is said
on that perhaps mullet the mameli star takes advantage of enrico bortolotto with a
dirty even deviated touch that ends at the very side of a puff
the answer of the 11th vote and trustworthy cross of porters at the head dd anges
for central theme the play of the number 9 no problem to pass
still savona the half-hour split descent of clarini that goes down in harry
reclamare penalty parish priest of bufaletta but you can continue
the first fraction closes with the great lob from 50 meters from the back
Nicastro sure lifts in corner
shooting and editing by paola capriolo project us tenth of the recovery with
the only acute one of a bottiglioli gagged by the Lombard cage the
conclusion of the number 10 is largely out of measure
very tactical game and a few spaces in front 1 try build it de angelis
however, with this quiz in the penalty area the conclusion ends only
on the outside of the network
patrician seeks the enterprise in the 20th minute it will take a dark prodigy
split to anticipate missions and legal goals of the advantage and Lombard
with such a tactical race between the two ministries they become fundamental
inactive balls one of them at the fortieth becomes even
decisive when dark draws central where the head of juri cannarsa comes out
realizes the goal of the suspect 1 to 0
brick throws itself forward with almost five points the biggest danger for
nicastro reaches the 46th with this bortolotto conclusion
the last of the little casilina race too tactical in which what matters d
promotions create a nastybusty risk holder account